add policies (#232)
Uberspace/manual: source/policy.rst

.. _policy:

######
Policy
######

> To ensure smooth service for everyone, we reserve the right to intervene on individual accounts in exceptional cases. Of course we will inform the account owner in each case and in most situations we will find a common solution. 

Author: How about something friendlier?
```suggestion
To ensure smooth service for everyone, we have to intervene on individual accounts in exceptional cases. Of course, we will inform the account owner in each case and in most situations we will find a common solution. 
```
